# Magnetic-Substrate-Interface-Forward-and-Inverse
Recovering 3D Basin Basement Relief Using High-precision Magnetic Data Through Random Forest Regression Algorithm.
Inversion of magnetic basement interfaces in basins is critical for interpreting potential field data and studying geothermal resource distribution, as well as basin formation and evolution. This paper proposes a new method for inversion of magnetic basement interfaces using a random forest regression algorithm combining potential field processing and machine learning techniques. The method generates magnetic base interface models and corresponding magnetic anomaly data through the random midpoint displacement method and magnetic interface finite element forward simulation. These anomalies are then handled using techniques such as directional transformations, analytical continuation, spatial derivatives and fractional transformations. Feature attributes are extracted, and Gini importance is used to quantify feature factor contributions, screen out effective features, and improve algorithm efficiency. Validity and practicality are verified through analysis of theoretical and noise models. The proposed machine learning-based method is more intelligent, efficient, and accurately reflects the undulations of magnetic base interfaces. Application to magnetic survey data in the Datong Basin resulted in a reliable basin base model that matches known structural information, opening up a new direction for magnetic interface inversion research.
